
# Track-specific reviewers
tracks/ada/**/*                        @exercism/website-copy-ada
tracks/ballerina/**/*                  @exercism/website-copy-ballerina
tracks/bash/**/*                       @exercism/website-copy-bash
tracks/c/**/*                          @exercism/website-copy-c
tracks/ceylon/**/*                     @exercism/website-copy-ceylon
tracks/cfml/**/*                       @exercism/website-copy-cfml
tracks/clojure/**/*                    @exercism/website-copy-clojure
tracks/coffeescript/**/*               @exercism/website-copy-coffeescript
tracks/common-lisp/**/*                @exercism/website-copy-common-lisp
tracks/coq/**/*                        @exercism/website-copy-coq
tracks/cpp/**/*                        @exercism/website-copy-cpp
tracks/crystal/**/*                    @exercism/website-copy-crystal
tracks/csharp/**/*                     @exercism/website-copy-csharp
tracks/d/**/*                          @exercism/website-copy-d
tracks/dart/**/*                       @exercism/website-copy-dart
tracks/delphi/**/*                     @exercism/website-copy-delphi
tracks/emacs-lisp/**/*                 @exercism/website-copy-emacs-lisp
tracks/elixir/**/*                     @exercism/website-copy-elixir
tracks/elm/**/*                        @exercism/website-copy-elm
tracks/erlang/**/*                     @exercism/website-copy-erlang
tracks/factor/**/*                     @exercism/website-copy-factor
tracks/fortran/**/*                    @exercism/website-copy-fortran
tracks/fsharp/**/*                     @exercism/website-copy-fsharp
tracks/gnu-apl/**/*                    @exercism/website-copy-gnu-apl
tracks/go/**/*                         @exercism/website-copy-go
tracks/groovy/**/*                     @exercism/website-copy-groovy
tracks/haskell/**/*                    @exercism/website-copy-haskell
tracks/haxe/**/*                       @exercism/website-copy-haxe
tracks/idris/**/*                      @exercism/website-copy-idris
tracks/java/**/*                       @exercism/website-copy-java
tracks/javascript/**/*                 @exercism/website-copy-javascript
tracks/julia/**/*                      @exercism/website-copy-julia
tracks/kotlin/**/*                     @exercism/website-copy-kotlin
tracks/lfe/**/*                        @exercism/website-copy-lfe
tracks/lua/**/*                        @exercism/website-copy-lua
tracks/mips/**/*                       @exercism/website-copy-mips
tracks/nim/**/*                        @exercism/website-copy-nim
tracks/objective-c/**/*                @exercism/website-copy-objective-c
tracks/ocaml/**/*                      @exercism/website-copy-ocaml
tracks/perl5/**/*                      @exercism/website-copy-perl5
tracks/raku/**/*                       @exercism/website-copy-raku
tracks/pharo-smalltalk/**/*            @exercism/website-copy-pharo-smalltalk
tracks/php/**/*                        @exercism/website-copy-php
tracks/plsql/**/*                      @exercism/website-copy-plsql
tracks/pony/**/*                       @exercism/website-copy-pony
tracks/powershell/**/*                 @exercism/website-copy-powershell
tracks/prolog/**/*                     @exercism/website-copy-prolog
tracks/purescript/**/*                 @exercism/website-copy-purescript
tracks/python/**/*                     @exercism/website-copy-python
tracks/r/**/*                          @exercism/website-copy-r
tracks/racket/**/*                     @exercism/website-copy-racket
tracks/reasonml/**/*                   @exercism/website-copy-reasonml
tracks/ruby/**/*                       @exercism/website-copy-ruby
tracks/rust/**/*                       @exercism/website-copy-rust
tracks/scala/**/*                      @exercism/website-copy-scala
tracks/scheme/**/*                     @exercism/website-copy-scheme
tracks/shen/**/*                       @exercism/website-copy-shen
tracks/sml/**/*                        @exercism/website-copy-sml
tracks/swift/**/*                      @exercism/website-copy-swift
tracks/tcl/**/*                        @exercism/website-copy-tcl
tracks/typescript/**/*                 @exercism/website-copy-typescript
tracks/vbnet/**/*                      @exercism/website-copy-vbnet
tracks/vimscript/**/*                  @exercism/website-copy-vimscript
tracks/x86-assembly/**/*               @exercism/website-copy-x86-assembly
