# Terms and Conditions

Last Revised: XXXXX

## Who we are

Exercism (also referred to as exercism.io) is an online platform (**Exercism** or **Platform**) and associated services designed to help you improve individuals improve their coding skills through practice and mentorship.

Our platform comprises of a web site is located at https://exercism.io (including associated subdomains - such as https://teams.exercism.io), and related application programming interfaces (API’s), command line applications (CLI's) and other online services.

The following Terms of Service (**Terms**) constitute an agreement between **Exercism** and you and governs your permitted use of the **Platform**.

## General

By accessing or using the Services or the public Network in any manner, including without limitation by visiting or browsing the public Website or registering for an account on the Website or Platform, you affirm that you have read, understand, and agree to be bound by these Terms of Service, as well as the Code of Conduct and Privacy Policy.

Exercism, reserves the right, at its discretion, to modify these Terms at any time by posting revised Terms on the public web site. You shall be responsible for reviewing and becoming familiar with any such modifications. Your access to or use of our services following such modification constitutes your acceptance of the terms and conditions of these Terms as modified.

These Terms apply to all who access or use our Platform, including without limitation users who contribute **Solutions** and other content, registered or otherwise.

Any clause headings (and/or numbers) in these Terms are for ease of reference only and shall not be taken into account in the construction or interpretation of the clauses to which they refer

These Terms supersede any prior agreement (oral or in writing) between You and Us and You acknowledge that these Terms contain the whole agreement between You and Us and that You have not relied upon any oral or written representations made by Us or Our employees or agents.

Any personal information submitted in connection with Your use of this Site is subject to Our Privacy Policy, located within Our Site and which You hereby acknowledge and accept by virtue of Your agreement to Our Terms.

If any provision of these Terms is found to be illegal, void or unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from these Terms and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions of these Terms.

## User obligations

When you access our services, whether registered or not, you become a **User** of our Platform

As a User, you are solely responsible for ensuring that:

- your account registration is complete and remains up to date.
- your use of our services is consistent with these Terms of Service, our Privacy Policy and our Code of Conduct

## Service Eligibility

Exercism offers its products to the widest possible audience. We champion and nurture inclusivity, diversity and equality to the highest levels. Please take a look at our Code of Conduct.

Although we want to be open to all, the following eligibility restrictions do apply:

### Non-Eligibility based on suspension or removal

Our services are not available to any users previously suspended or removed from the The Platform. It is expected that such removals will be governed by these Terms of Service and our Code of Conduct.

### Eligibility based on age (and region)

You must be at least 13 years old to access or use the Network or Services, including without limitation to complete a Platform account registration.

By accessing or using the Services or the Network in any manner, you warrant that you are at least 13 years of age. If you are under 13 years old, you may not access our Platform, and may not provide or post any personal information to our Platform (including, for example, your name, age, and contact details).

If you are located within the European Union, you must be at least 16 years old to access our Platform. By accessing or using the Services or the Network in any manner, you warrant that you are at least 16 years of age. If you are under 16 years old, you may not access our Platform, and may not provide or post any personal information to our Platform (including, for example, your name, age, and contact details).

### Removal/Suspension/Termination of accounts

Exercism reserves the right to refuse, suspend or terminate - without notice - your access to the Platform if it determines, in its sole discretion, that you have in any way violated these Terms of Service and/or our Code of Conduct

## Content Permissions and Licensing

Content delivered through our Platform may be owned by (Our Content), generated by our wider community of volunteers, or be generated by users like You.

We are committed to Open Source, and as a result, many of the resources on our Platform are licensed under an open source license. You are free to re-use such content subject to that respective license.

### Our Content

All materials displayed on our Website and/or Platform are Copyright Exercism Inc. Where trademarks, service marks, and trade names are proprietary to Exercism and/or other third parties you agree to abide by all copyright notices and restrictions contained in the content you access.

Where a resource does not appear to have a clear licensing statement, we would recommend that you check our GitHub source-code repositories. You should not assume that all content on our Platform is openly licensed.

### Community Content

All of the exercises delivered through the platform have been build by a commuinty of volunteers and are, mostly licensed under the MIT License. All of this content is available directly through our Github repositories (see https://github.com/exercism/) where specific license details can be viewed.

### User generated Content

The primary purpose of the platform is to provide a space where individuals can solve software development (coding) challenges, submit them, and receive feedback. We expect that the purposes of this activity will usually be to learn and develop competence in a software-language and also to develop skills in giving and
receiving feedback.

In the course of pursuing this activity, you will be presented with a series of exercises for you to download and solve, and invited to upload your **Solution** (potentially as a series of improvements - each named an **Iteration**.

You agree that all content (**User Contributed Content**) that you upload to the Platform, including - without limitation - your Solution and Iteration files. Will be licensed to Exercism on worldwide, royalty-free, non-exclusive basis pursuant to Creative Commons licensing terms (CC-BY-SA). You grant Exercism the perpetual and irrevocable right and license to access, use, process, copy, distribute, export, display and to commercially exploit such User Contributed Content. This right will persist even if your User Contributed Content is subsequently removed by you.

The **CC BY-SA** Creative Commons license terms are explained in more detail below.

Without limitation, Exercism will use such content to maintain our Platform, develop future services and undertake automated data-analysis on anonymised content.

It is your responsibility to ensure that the content you upload to the Platform is compatible by the CC BY-SA license and includes any appropriate attribution.

This agreement means that you cannot revoke permission for us to use any content you upload.

### Moderator/Feedback content

If you participate on our Platform as a Moderator, then any content you upload as part of providing feedback on a user's Solution will be considered User Generated Content, and licensed in the same way as that of the Solution (see the above section).

Specifically, this means that all mentor feedback will be licensed under a CC BY-SA license. It is important that you ensure that the feedback you supply (including any further code-samples) are compatible with that license.

### What is CC-BY-SA, and why are we using it?

CC BY-SA is an abbreviation of the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike license. A full copy of this license is available at https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/ . In summary, this license permit anyone to copy adapt, and redistribute the material, so long as proper attribution is given.

When you contribute a Solution to the platform, then that solution will be available for others (usually Track Moderators) to comment on. Our Platform uses on this feedback to help you learn and develop. In order to achieve this, it is important that the materials you share can be legally accessed by a Mentor, and using CC BY-SA helps us ensure that. Equally, when a mentor comments on your solution, their response is also licensed in the same way, allowing you to use that feedback for any purpose you choose.

In addition, this license allows Exercism to use the submitted solutions to improve our products and services. For example, such use might include (but not be limited to) the following examples:

- Authoring a book that addresses common difficulties associated with writing software
- Using anonymised solutions to build an AI-based code-review bot
- Using anonymised feedback to undertake academic analysis of the factors that determine successful peer-to-peer based feedback

### No warranties for User Generated Content

We do not control content uploaded on our Platform and, as such, do not provide any assurances where its validity, reliability or accuracy.

Although we, and our volunteer community, actively pursue maintaining our Community Code of Conduct, we do not take no responsibility nor accept any liability for any offence taken by you to any content you are exposed to using our Platform. We have no responsibility nor owe You any duty of care to keep such content from You and your continued use of Our platform should at all times be at your own risk

Although Solutions are observed by Moderators, we do not routinely screen submitted content for errors, omissions or inappropriate content. Your use of the content on our Platform is at your own risk and Exercism shall have no liability for such use.

### Concerns about content licensing

We respects all copyright, privacy, defamation and other laws relating to content and information and will not tolerate breach of such laws.

If You believe that Submitted Content of Yours infringes or breaches any law or regulation or is inaccurate or poses any risk whatsoever to a third party it is Your responsibility to take such steps You deem necessary to correct the situation.

If You believe that Submitted Content of a third party or any Company Content violates any laws or regulations, including, without limitation, any copyright laws, You should report it to Us.

The appearance of user generated content on our Platform does not imply our endorsement of that material.

## Personal information and security

We try to minimise the amount of personal data we hold, and where we do store and capture personal information, this will be governed by our Privacy Policy and such data will only be used for the purposes it was collected for.

Knowingly providing false information personal information is a breach of these Terms and might result in termination of your account.

Attempting to circumvent the security of our products and services, or make any attempts to impersonate another user or gain unauthorized access, or to use our services in any way that interferes with the services provided by our Platform, will be considered a breach of these Terms.


## Warranties and Indemnification

### Service Availability and Warrantee

We provide the Platform to our users on a free of charge basis. We will use reasonable efforts to make our Services available 24/7/365, but from time-to-time we will have scheduled outages for maintenance purposes.

Where feasible, we may inform users about planned outages but we are under no obligation to do so, and in any case will not be liable for any service downtime.

### Service Warranties

Our services and the data and content within our Platform are provided on an "as is" basis.

To the maximum extent allowed by law, Exercism disclaims all warranties and representations of any kind, including without limitation the implied warranties of fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement, whether express, implied, or statutory.

We provide no guarantees that the services or platform will function without interruption or errors and provides the network, services, and any related content or products subject to these terms on an "as is" basis.

### Indemnification

You hereby indemnify, defend and hold harmless Us, Our affiliates, officers, directors, agents, partners, employees, representatives and third party providers from and against all reasonably foreseeable losses, expenses, damages, costs, claims and demands, including reasonable legal fees and properly incurred associated costs and disbursements, due to or arising out of Your breach of any representation or warranty under these Terms.

To the fullest extent permissible under applicable law we shall not be liable to you under any law of contract, tort or negligence, for any losses, unless such losses were reasonably foreseeable at the time you agreed to these terms. Notwithstanding any established liability our total liability shall at all times be limited to the amounts paid in connection with the purchase or order under which such liability arose.

## Our communication with you

By using Our platform or communicating generally with Us, You agree that We may communicate with You electronically regarding security, privacy, and administrative issues relating to Your use of the services or these Terms.

If it is brought to our attention that there is any security breach, We may attempt to notify You electronically by posting a notice on the Site or sending an email to You.

Within our Platform we invite you to configure your notification preferences describing what and when you
would like us to contact us you about.

We reserve the right to electronically contact you about updates to these Terms, and other policies governing the use of site. Especially, but not exclusively, where these updates relate to changes in the wider legislative and regulatory environment. Any such contact will be specific related to these updates, and be independent from any communication preferences that You may, from time to time, configure on the Site.
